Is that you, Qi Luo?
Duan Xiao Jian
Where is everyone?
Su Man
Why are you here?
Today is our wedding day
Yet you came to
someone else’s birthday party
Explain it at home
Let go of me
Say what you have to say here
Is it her?
Was it Ye Qi Luo
who stopped you from attending the wedding?
Wedding?
What wedding?
Qi Luo
Let me explain, Qi Luo
How long are you going to keep pretending?
Do you really have to make a scene here?
You hit me?
You hit me because of this b\*tch?
Come home with me
Su Man
You
Duan Xiao Jian
You brought this upon yourself
Call the police
Now you want to call the police?
Have you forgotten what happened seven years ago?
Aren’t you afraid I’ll expose it?
You had evidence from 7 years ago
You would've used it already
Why wait until now?
If you don’t have it
then you’re slandering me
Call the police
What happened here?
I want to report a crime
She
Attempted murder
Did you all witness this?
Is what the victim said true?
All of it is true
We all saw it happen
Everyone here is a witness
And the banquet room has surveillance
Ye Qi Luo,
this was your plan all along
Ma’am,
we now suspect you
of attempted murder
Please come with us
I won’t let you get away with this
Don’t touch me!
You should’ve known
Seven years ago
He sent me to prison
And now
he can send you to hell himself
Long time no see.